Yatagan 2.0 release notes and migration guide (#214)
yandex/yatagan: MIGRATION.md

```

**Features:**
- Recognizes Dagger annotations (`@dagger.Component`, `@dagger.Module`, etc.)
- Generates `Dagger<ComponentName>` bridge classes alongside Yatagan implementations
- Yatagan and Dagger annotations can coexist; Yatagan takes priority when both present
- Also supported in reflection backend via `enableDaggerCompatibility=true` property

---

### 2. Unified Entry Point

The `Yatagan` object in `api:public` now automatically handles both compiled and reflection backends:

```kotlin
// Works with both backends
val component = Yatagan.create(MyComponent::class.java)
val builder = Yatagan.builder(MyComponent.Builder::class.java)
```

The loader tries compiled implementation first, then falls back to reflection if available.

---

## Breaking Changes

### 1. `@Provides` Conditionals Removed

The `conditionals` parameter has been removed from `@Provides`. Use `@Conditional` as a separate annotation.

**Before (1.x.y):**
```kotlin
@Module
object MyModule {
    @Provides(Conditional(FeatureA::class), Conditional(FeatureB::class))
    fun provideFoo(): Foo = FooImpl()
}
```

**After (2.0):**
```kotlin
@Module
object MyModule {
    @Provides
    @Conditional(FeatureA::class)

>     @Conditional(FeatureB::class)

Reviewer: This code is technically incorrect, because these two conditionals would conflict, because they lack `onlyIn` selector. As in "before" block too. I understand that this is only a demo code, but I'd probably be better to demo fully correct code. We could leave only one conditional, or specify `onlyIn`.

    fun provideFoo(): Foo = FooImpl()
}
```

---

### 2. Generated Component Class Names

> Generated implementation class names have changed to be more tooling-friendly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generated implementation class names have changed to be more user-friendly, so that they can be used directly.
```

**Before (1.x.y):**
```
Yatagan$MyComponent          // Top-level component
Yatagan$Outer$Inner          // Nested component
```

**After (2.0):**
```
YataganMyComponent           // Top-level component (no separator)
YataganOuter_Inner           // Nested component (underscore instead of $)
```

**Impact:**
- If you use `Yatagan.create()` or `Yatagan.builder()` APIs, no changes needed
- If you reference generated class names directly (reflection, ProGuard rules), update them
- The runtime loader tries the new name first, then falls back to legacy names for compatibility

---

### 3. Subcomponent Binding Forbidden

> Direct binding/injection of subcomponent instances is no longer allowed. Use factory methods instead.

Reviewer: I actually don't remember, but wan't this released in 1.x.y also?

Author: AFAIK here is a commit where the change was introduced: https://github.com/yandex/yatagan/commit/d6bf9d26a148372ecd62c84d781e18a8049cf217
And as I can see, it was merged only in main with fix version 2.0.0

**Before (1.x.y):**
```kotlin
@Component
interface ParentComponent {
    // Could inject child directly (discouraged but worked)
    val child: ChildComponent
}

@Component(isRoot = false)
interface ChildComponent
```

**After (2.0):**
```kotlin
@Component(modules = [ParentModule::class])
interface ParentComponent {
    // Use factory method
    fun createChild(): ChildComponent
}

@Module(subcomponents = [ChildComponent::class])
interface ParentModule

@Component(isRoot = false)
interface ChildComponent {
    @Component.Builder
    interface Builder {
        fun build(): ChildComponent
    }
}
```

---

### 4. Component Factory Method Behavior

> All methods in a component interface returning a non-root component are now treated as factory methods, regardless of parameters.

Reviewer: This section is essentially the consequence of `### 3.`, maybe let's merge these sections? It doesn't seem to deserve a full section on its own.
